yes you're gonna start facing the back
you to go ahead and swing clear skate
around on one hug to bring it out to tea
on three hold four hit five switch it
six you're gonna clean it up on seven
down eight from here you're gonna roll
it up on one down to go ahead and pull
it up on three six four bring it up on
five down six throw it seven Queen eight
let's go ahead and try that from the top
swinging it on one hug 2t3 hold it four
go five switch six Queen seven down
eight roll it one down two up three
switch four up five down six throw seven
please eight moving on from here you're
gonna go ahead on one and two gonna hold
it there three down four can you jump up
on five down six you're gonna bring it
back on seven step 8
from there swing it on one up two down
three not four around your head on five
turn six seven hold deep let's go ahead
and try it from back 38 now so you're
here you're gonna hit on one and two
bring it hold it three down four up
eight up one two down three not four go
five six seven eight
from here it's just going to repeat with
swinging one hug two out three hold four
go five six clean seven down eight
one down two up three four five six pull
seven please eight go one and two hold
three down four jump five down six pull
back seven step 8 swing it
one pull two please three nan four go
five turn six down seven hold eight and
you're gonna go ahead and pose on one
let's see this one together